NAME                                                                          VERSION                                            TYPE      
1to2                                                                          1.0.0                                              npm        
@balena/dockerignore                                                          1.0.2                                              npm        
@colors/colors                                                                1.5.0                                              npm        
@gar/promisify                                                                1.1.3                                              npm        
@isaacs/string-locale-compare                                                 1.1.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/arborist                                                              5.6.3                                              npm        
@npmcli/ci-detect                                                             2.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/config                                                                4.2.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      2.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/fs                                                                    2.1.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/git                                                                   3.0.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            1.0.7                                              npm        
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        2.0.4                                              npm        
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   3.1.1                                              npm        
@npmcli/move-file                                                             2.0.1                                              npm        
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      1.0.1                                              npm        
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              2.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/package-json                                                          2.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         3.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/query                                                                 1.2.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/run-script                                                            4.2.1                                              npm        
@socket.io/component-emitter                                                  3.1.0                                              npm        
@tootallnate/once                                                             2.0.0                                              npm        
@types/cookie                                                                 0.4.1                                              npm        
@types/cors                                                                   2.8.13                                             npm        
@types/node                                                                   18.15.0                                            npm        
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                              npm        
accepts                                                                       1.3.8                                              npm        
adduser                                                                       3.118ubuntu5                                       deb        
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                              npm        
agentkeepalive                                                                4.2.1                                              npm        
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                              npm        
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                              npm        
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                              npm        
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm        
apt                                                                           2.4.8                                              deb        
apt-utils                                                                     2.4.8                                              deb        
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                              npm        
are-we-there-yet                                                              3.0.1                                              npm        
argparse                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm        
array-flatten                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
asap                                                                          2.0.6                                              npm        
asn1                                                                          0.2.6                                              npm        
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                              npm        
base-files                                                                    12ubuntu4.3                                        deb        
base-passwd                                                                   3.5.52build1                                       deb        
base64-js                                                                     1.5.1                                              npm        
base64id                                                                      2.0.0                                              npm        
bash                                                                          5.1-6ubuntu1                                       deb        
bcrypt-pbkdf                                                                  1.0.2                                              npm        
bin-links                                                                     3.0.3                                              npm        
binary-extensions                                                             2.2.0                                              npm        
bl                                                                            4.1.0                                              npm        
body-parser                                                                   1.20.1                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                              npm        
bsdutils                                                                      1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                  deb        
btrfs-progs                                                                   5.16.2-1                                           deb        
buffer                                                                        5.7.1                                              npm        
buildcheck                                                                    0.0.3                                              npm        
builtins                                                                      5.0.1                                              npm        
bytes                                                                         3.1.2                                              npm        
ca-certificates                                                               20211016ubuntu0.22.04.1                            deb        
cacache                                                                       16.1.3                                             npm        
call-bind                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                              npm        
chownr                                                                        1.1.4                                              npm        
chownr                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm        
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                              npm        
clean-stack                                                                   2.2.0                                              npm        
cli-columns                                                                   4.0.0                                              npm        
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.2                                              npm        
clone                                                                         1.0.4                                              npm        
cmd-shim                                                                      5.0.0                                              npm        
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm        
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                              npm        
color-support                                                                 1.1.3                                              npm        
columnify                                                                     1.6.0                                              npm        
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                              npm        
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                              npm        
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                              npm        
containerd.io                                                                 1.6.18-1                                           deb        
content-disposition                                                           0.5.4                                              npm        
content-type                                                                  1.0.5                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.4.2                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.5.0                                              npm        
cookie-signature                                                              1.0.6                                              npm        
corepack                                                                      0.15.1                                             npm        
coreutils                                                                     8.32-4.1ubuntu1                                    deb        
cors                                                                          2.8.5                                              npm        
cpu-features                                                                  0.0.4                                              npm        
cssesc                                                                        3.0.0                                              npm        
curl                                                                          7.81.0-1ubuntu1.8                                  deb        
dash                                                                          0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1            deb        
debconf                                                                       1.5.79ubuntu1                                      deb        
debianutils                                                                   5.5-1ubuntu2                                       deb        
debug                                                                         2.6.9                                              npm        
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                              npm        
debuglog                                                                      1.0.1                                              npm        
defaults                                                                      1.0.3                                              npm        
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                              npm        
depd                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm        
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm        
destroy                                                                       1.2.0                                              npm        
dezalgo                                                                       1.0.4                                              npm        
diff                                                                          5.1.0                                              npm        
diffutils                                                                     1:3.8-0ubuntu2                                     deb        
dirmngr                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
distro-info-data                                                              0.52ubuntu0.2                                      deb        
docker-ce                                                                     5:23.0.1-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                      deb        
docker-ce-cli                                                                 5:23.0.1-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                      deb        
docker-compose-plugin                                                         2.16.0-1~ubuntu.22.04~jammy                        deb        
docker-modem                                                                  3.0.6                                              npm        
dockerode                                                                     3.3.4                                              npm        
dpkg                                                                          1.21.1ubuntu2.1                                    deb        
drm-info                                                                      2.2.0-2                                            deb        
e2fsprogs                                                                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
ee-first                                                                      1.1.1                                              npm        
emoji-regex                                                                   8.0.0                                              npm        
encodeurl                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                             npm        
end-of-stream                                                                 1.4.4                                              npm        
engine.io                                                                     6.4.1                                              npm        
engine.io-parser                                                              5.0.6                                              npm        
env-paths                                                                     2.2.1                                              npm        
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                              npm        
escape-html                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
etag                                                                          1.8.1                                              npm        
express                                                                       4.18.2                                             npm        
fastest-levenshtein                                                           1.0.12                                             npm        
finalhandler                                                                  1.2.0                                              npm        
findutils                                                                     4.8.0-1ubuntu3                                     deb        
forwarded                                                                     0.2.0                                              npm        
fresh                                                                         0.5.2                                              npm        
fs-constants                                                                  1.0.0                                              npm        
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                              npm        
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                              npm        
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
fuse-overlayfs                                                                1.7.1-1                                            deb        
fuse3                                                                         3.10.5-1build1                                     deb        
gauge                                                                         4.0.4                                              npm        
gcc-12-base                                                                   12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                              deb        
get-intrinsic                                                                 1.2.0                                              npm        
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.6                                             go-module  
github.com/BurntSushi/toml                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.9.6                                             go-module  
github.com/NVIDIA/go-nvml                                                     v0.11.6-0.0.20220823120812-7e2082095e82            go-module  
github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit                                    (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/a8m/envsubst                                                       v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.16.3                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.15.5                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.12.0                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.10                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.11                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.11.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.16.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/blang/semver                                                       v3.5.1+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.9.0                                             go-module  
github.com/container-orchestrated-devices/container-device-interface          v0.5.4-0.20230111111500-5b3b5d81179a               go-module  
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/btrfs                                                   v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v0.0.0-20230215225028-2456e983eb9e                 go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.16                                            go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.6                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.4                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.3                                             go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                            go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                 go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20221201083218-92d136e113cf                 go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.10.2                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v23.0.0+incompatible                               go-module  
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.1+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v23.0.0+incompatible                               go-module  
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                 go-module  
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/elliotchance/orderedmap                                            v1.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                v2.9.5+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/fatih/color                                                        v1.13.0                                            go-module  
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.9                                             go-module  
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.5.4                                             go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/goccy/go-yaml                                                      v1.9.5                                             go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                             go-module  
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                             go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.6                                             go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                             go-module  
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                 go-module  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                 v0.5.5                                             go-module  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                            go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.12                                            go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                            go-module  
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/jinzhu/copier                                                      v0.3.5                                             go-module  
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.3.1-0.20230117163003-a89700cec744               go-module  
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                            go-module  
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                 go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.11.13                                           go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.12                                           go-module  
github.com/magiconair/properties                                              v1.8.6                                             go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.12                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.14                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.16                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                            go-module  
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b                 go-module  
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/mikefarah/yq/v4                                                    v0.0.0-20220429015737-1425d0720ec1                 go-module  
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible  go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20221128092401-c43b287e0e0f                 go-module  
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                 go-module  
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.3-0.20211202183452-c5a74bcca799               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2                                         go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v0.0.0-20220824004513-5fd4c4d14413                 go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.3                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.4                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20220825212826-86290f6a00fb               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-tools                                       v0.9.1-0.20221107090550-2e043c6bd626               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                            go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.1                                            go-module  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.4                                             go-module  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                             go-module  
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                             go-module  
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.11.1                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.30.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.7.3                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646               go-module  
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                 go-module  
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.6.1                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                 go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                 go-module  
github.com/tchap/go-patricia                                                  v2.2.6+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375               go-module  
github.com/timtadh/data-structures                                            v0.5.3                                             go-module  
github.com/timtadh/lexmachine                                                 v0.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230105215944-fb433841cbfa                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                 go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                            go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli/v2                                                      v2.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.1-0.20210330154013-f5de75959ad5               go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                 go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                             go-module  
gitlab.com/nvidia/cloud-native/go-nvlib                                       v0.0.0-20230119114711-6fe07bb33342                 go-module  
glob                                                                          7.2.3                                              npm        
glob                                                                          8.0.3                                              npm        
gnupg                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gnupg-l10n                                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gnupg-utils                                                                   2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.6                                             go-module  
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                 go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.28.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.13.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/internal/metric                                      v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.13.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.11.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.12.0                                            go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220315160706-3147a52a75dd                 go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.2.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/mod                                                              v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20201224014010-6772e930b67b                 go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20210813160813-60bc85c4be6d                 go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155237-a158d28d115b                 go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20210819190943-2bc19b11175f                 go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20221014153046-6fdb5e3db783                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20211116061358-0a5406a5449c                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20211205182925-97ca703d548d                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155257-8c9f86f7a55f                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220927170352-d9d178bc13c6                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211                 go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.3.7                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.6.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac                 go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/xerrors                                                          v0.0.0-20200804184101-5ec99f83aff1                 go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200224152610-e50cd9704f63                 go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20221024183307-1bc688fe9f3e                 go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.47.0                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.50.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.0                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.1                                            go-module  
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/op/go-logging.v1                                                     v1.0.0-20160211212156-b2cb9fa56473                 go-module  
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.0-20210107192922-496545a6307b                 go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module  
gpg                                                                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpg-agent                                                                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpg-wks-client                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpg-wks-server                                                                2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpgconf                                                                       2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpgsm                                                                         2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
gpgv                                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                                  deb        
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.10                                             npm        
grep                                                                          3.7-1build1                                        deb        
gzip                                                                          1.10-4ubuntu4.1                                    deb        
has                                                                           1.0.3                                              npm        
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                              npm        
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                              npm        
hosted-git-info                                                               5.2.1                                              npm        
hostname                                                                      3.23ubuntu2                                        deb        
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.0                                              npm        
http-errors                                                                   2.0.0                                              npm        
http-proxy-agent                                                              5.0.0                                              npm        
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.1                                              npm        
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                              npm        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.24                                             npm        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
ieee754                                                                       1.2.1                                              npm        
ignore-walk                                                                   5.0.1                                              npm        
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                              npm        
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                              npm        
infer-owner                                                                   1.0.4                                              npm        
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                              npm        
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                              npm        
ini                                                                           3.0.1                                              npm        
init-package-json                                                             3.0.2                                              npm        
init-system-helpers                                                           1.62                                               deb        
ip                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                              npm        
ipaddr.js                                                                     1.9.1                                              npm        
iptables                                                                      1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                     deb        
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                              npm        
is-core-module                                                                2.10.0                                             npm        
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       3.0.0                                              npm        
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                              npm        
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                              npm        
jq                                                                            1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                     deb        
js-yaml                                                                       4.1.0                                              npm        
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 2.3.1                                              npm        
json-stringify-nice                                                           1.1.4                                              npm        
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                              npm        
just-diff                                                                     5.1.1                                              npm        
just-diff-apply                                                               5.4.1                                              npm        
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.25.0                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.60.1                                            go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                 go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20220210201930-3a6ce19ff2f9                 go-module  
kasm-wizard                                                                   0.0.1                                              npm        
libacl1                                                                       2.3.1-1                                            deb        
libapt-pkg6.0                                                                 2.4.8                                              deb        
libassuan0                                                                    2.5.5-1build1                                      deb        
libattr1                                                                      1:2.5.1-1build1                                    deb        
libaudit-common                                                               1:3.0.7-1build1                                    deb        
libaudit1                                                                     1:3.0.7-1build1                                    deb        
libblkid1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
libbrotli1                                                                    1.0.9-2build6                                      deb        
libbsd0                                                                       0.11.5-1                                           deb        
libbz2-1.0                                                                    1.0.8-5build1                                      deb        
libc-bin                                                                      2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                    deb        
libc6                                                                         2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                    deb        
libcap-ng0                                                                    0.7.9-2.2build3                                    deb        
libcap2                                                                       1:2.44-1build3                                     deb        
libcom-err2                                                                   1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
libcrypt1                                                                     1:4.4.27-1                                         deb        
libcurl4                                                                      7.81.0-1ubuntu1.8                                  deb        
libdb5.3                                                                      5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                            deb        
libdebconfclient0                                                             0.261ubuntu1                                       deb        
libdevmapper1.02.1                                                            2:1.02.175-2.1ubuntu4                              deb        
libdrm-common                                                                 2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                          deb        
libdrm2                                                                       2.4.113-2~ubuntu0.22.04.1                          deb        
libedit2                                                                      3.1-20210910-1build1                               deb        
libexpat1                                                                     2.4.7-1ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libext2fs2                                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
libffi8                                                                       3.4.2-4                                            deb        
libfuse3-3                                                                    3.10.5-1build1                                     deb        
libgcc-s1                                                                     12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                              deb        
libgcrypt20                                                                   1.9.4-3ubuntu3                                     deb        
libgmp10                                                                      2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                              deb        
libgnutls30                                                                   3.7.3-4ubuntu1.2                                   deb        
libgpg-error0                                                                 1.43-3                                             deb        
libgssapi-krb5-2                                                              1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                                  deb        
libhogweed6                                                                   3.7.3-1build2                                      deb        
libicu70                                                                      70.1-2                                             deb        
libidn2-0                                                                     2.3.2-2build1                                      deb        
libinih1                                                                      53-1ubuntu3                                        deb        
libip4tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                     deb        
libip6tc2                                                                     1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                     deb        
libjq1                                                                        1.6-2.1ubuntu3                                     deb        
libjson-c5                                                                    0.15-3~ubuntu1.22.04.1                             deb        
libk5crypto3                                                                  1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                                  deb        
libkeyutils1                                                                  1.6.1-2ubuntu3                                     deb        
libkrb5-3                                                                     1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                                  deb        
libkrb5support0                                                               1.19.2-2ubuntu0.1                                  deb        
libksba8                                                                      1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                                   deb        
libldap-2.5-0                                                                 2.5.13+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                       deb        
libldap-common                                                                2.5.13+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                       deb        
liblz4-1                                                                      1.9.3-2build2                                      deb        
liblzma5                                                                      5.2.5-2ubuntu1                                     deb        
liblzo2-2                                                                     2.10-2build3                                       deb        
libmd0                                                                        1.0.4-1build1                                      deb        
libmnl0                                                                       1.0.4-3build2                                      deb        
libmount1                                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
libmpdec3                                                                     2.5.1-2build2                                      deb        
libncurses6                                                                   6.3-2                                              deb        
libncursesw6                                                                  6.3-2                                              deb        
libnetfilter-conntrack3                                                       1.0.9-1                                            deb        
libnettle8                                                                    3.7.3-1build2                                      deb        
libnfnetlink0                                                                 1.0.1-3build3                                      deb        
libnftnl11                                                                    1.2.1-1build1                                      deb        
libnghttp2-14                                                                 1.43.0-1build3                                     deb        
libnpmaccess                                                                  6.0.4                                              npm        
libnpmdiff                                                                    4.0.5                                              npm        
libnpmexec                                                                    4.0.14                                             npm        
libnpmfund                                                                    3.0.5                                              npm        
libnpmhook                                                                    8.0.4                                              npm        
libnpmorg                                                                     4.0.4                                              npm        
libnpmpack                                                                    4.1.3                                              npm        
libnpmpublish                                                                 6.0.5                                              npm        
libnpmsearch                                                                  5.0.4                                              npm        
libnpmteam                                                                    4.0.4                                              npm        
libnpmversion                                                                 3.0.7                                              npm        
libnpth0                                                                      1.6-3build2                                        deb        
libnsl2                                                                       1.3.0-2build2                                      deb        
libnvidia-container-tools                                                     1.12.0-1                                           deb        
libnvidia-container1                                                          1.12.0-1                                           deb        
libonig5                                                                      6.9.7.1-2build1                                    deb        
libp11-kit0                                                                   0.24.0-6build1                                     deb        
libpam-modules                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                  deb        
libpam-modules-bin                                                            1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                  deb        
libpam-runtime                                                                1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                  deb        
libpam0g                                                                      1.4.0-11ubuntu2.3                                  deb        
libpcre2-8-0                                                                  10.39-3ubuntu0.1                                   deb        
libpcre3                                                                      2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                           deb        
libprocps8                                                                    2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                  deb        
libpsl5                                                                       0.21.0-1.2build2                                   deb        
libpython3-stdlib                                                             3.10.6-1~22.04                                     deb        
libpython3.10-minimal                                                         3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
libpython3.10-stdlib                                                          3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
libreadline8                                                                  8.1.2-1                                            deb        
librtmp1                                                                      2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4                  deb        
libsasl2-2                                                                    2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                            deb        
libsasl2-modules                                                              2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                            deb        
libsasl2-modules-db                                                           2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                            deb        
libseccomp2                                                                   2.5.3-2ubuntu2                                     deb        
libselinux1                                                                   3.3-1build2                                        deb        
libsemanage-common                                                            3.3-1build2                                        deb        
libsemanage2                                                                  3.3-1build2                                        deb        
libsepol2                                                                     3.3-1build1                                        deb        
libsmartcols1                                                                 2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
libsqlite3-0                                                                  3.37.2-2ubuntu0.1                                  deb        
libss2                                                                        1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
libssh-4                                                                      0.9.6-2build1                                      deb        
libssl3                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                                   deb        
libstdc++6                                                                    12.1.0-2ubuntu1~22.04                              deb        
libsystemd0                                                                   249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                  deb        
libtasn1-6                                                                    4.18.0-4build1                                     deb        
libtinfo6                                                                     6.3-2                                              deb        
libtirpc-common                                                               1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                   deb        
libtirpc3                                                                     1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                                   deb        
libudev1                                                                      249.11-0ubuntu3.6                                  deb        
libunistring2                                                                 1.0-1                                              deb        
libuuid1                                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
libxtables12                                                                  1.8.7-1ubuntu5                                     deb        
libxxhash0                                                                    0.8.1-1                                            deb        
libzstd1                                                                      1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                                 deb        
locales                                                                       2.35-0ubuntu3.1                                    deb        
lodash                                                                        4.17.21                                            npm        
login                                                                         1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                 deb        
logsave                                                                       1.46.5-2ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
lru-cache                                                                     6.0.0                                              npm        
lru-cache                                                                     7.13.2                                             npm        
lsb-base                                                                      11.1.0ubuntu4                                      deb        
lsb-release                                                                   11.1.0ubuntu4                                      deb        
make-fetch-happen                                                             10.2.1                                             npm        
mawk                                                                          1.3.4.20200120-3                                   deb        
media-typer                                                                   0.3.0                                              npm        
media-types                                                                   7.0.0                                              deb        
merge-descriptors                                                             1.0.1                                              npm        
methods                                                                       1.1.2                                              npm        
mime                                                                          1.6.0                                              npm        
mime-db                                                                       1.52.0                                             npm        
mime-types                                                                    2.1.35                                             npm        
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                              npm        
minimatch                                                                     5.1.0                                              npm        
minipass                                                                      3.3.4                                              npm        
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                              npm        
minipass-fetch                                                                2.1.1                                              npm        
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                              npm        
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                              npm        
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                              npm        
minipass-sized                                                                1.0.3                                              npm        
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                              npm        
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                              npm        
mkdirp-classic                                                                0.5.3                                              npm        
mkdirp-infer-owner                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
mount                                                                         2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                              npm        
mute-stream                                                                   0.0.8                                              npm        
nan                                                                           2.17.0                                             npm        
ncurses-base                                                                  6.3-2                                              deb        
ncurses-bin                                                                   6.3-2                                              deb        
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
netbase                                                                       6.3                                                deb        
netcat                                                                        1.218-4ubuntu1                                     deb        
netcat-openbsd                                                                1.218-4ubuntu1                                     deb        
node                                                                          16.19.1                                            binary     
node-gyp                                                                      9.1.0                                              npm        
node-pty                                                                      0.10.1                                             npm        
nodejs                                                                        16.19.1-deb-1nodesource1                           deb        
nopt                                                                          5.0.0                                              npm        
nopt                                                                          6.0.0                                              npm        
normalize-package-data                                                        4.0.1                                              npm        
npm                                                                           8.19.3                                             npm        
npm-audit-report                                                              3.0.0                                              npm        
npm-bundled                                                                   1.1.2                                              npm        
npm-bundled                                                                   2.0.1                                              npm        
npm-init                                                                      0.0.0                                              npm        
npm-install-checks                                                            5.0.0                                              npm        
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     1.0.1                                              npm        
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     2.0.0                                              npm        
npm-package-arg                                                               9.1.0                                              npm        
npm-packlist                                                                  5.1.3                                              npm        
npm-pick-manifest                                                             7.0.2                                              npm        
npm-profile                                                                   6.2.1                                              npm        
npm-registry-fetch                                                            13.3.1                                             npm        
npm-user-validate                                                             1.0.1                                              npm        
npmlog                                                                        6.0.2                                              npm        
nvidia-container-toolkit                                                      1.12.0-1                                           deb        
nvidia-container-toolkit-base                                                 1.12.0-1                                           deb        
nvidia-docker2                                                                2.12.0-1                                           deb        
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                              npm        
object-inspect                                                                1.12.3                                             npm        
on-finished                                                                   2.4.1                                              npm        
once                                                                          1.4.0                                              npm        
opener                                                                        1.5.2                                              npm        
openssl                                                                       3.0.2-0ubuntu1.8                                   deb        
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                              npm        
pacote                                                                        13.6.2                                             npm        
parse-conflict-json                                                           2.0.2                                              npm        
parseurl                                                                      1.3.3                                              npm        
passwd                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                 deb        
path-is-absolute                                                              1.0.1                                              npm        
path-to-regexp                                                                0.1.7                                              npm        
perl-base                                                                     5.34.0-3ubuntu1.1                                  deb        
pigz                                                                          2.6-1                                              deb        
pinentry-curses                                                               1.1.1-1build2                                      deb        
postcss-selector-parser                                                       6.0.10                                             npm        
proc-log                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm        
procps                                                                        2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2                                  deb        
promise-all-reject-late                                                       1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm        
promzard                                                                      0.3.0                                              npm        
proxy-addr                                                                    2.0.7                                              npm        
publicsuffix                                                                  20211207.1025-1                                    deb        
pump                                                                          3.0.0                                              npm        
python                                                                        3.10.6                                             binary     
python3                                                                       3.10.6-1~22.04                                     deb        
python3-minimal                                                               3.10.6-1~22.04                                     deb        
python3.10                                                                    3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
python3.10-minimal                                                            3.10.6-1~22.04.2                                   deb        
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                             npm        
qs                                                                            6.11.0                                             npm        
range-parser                                                                  1.2.1                                              npm        
raw-body                                                                      2.5.1                                              npm        
read                                                                          1.0.7                                              npm        
read-cmd-shim                                                                 3.0.0                                              npm        
read-package-json                                                             5.0.2                                              npm        
read-package-json-fast                                                        2.0.3                                              npm        
readable-stream                                                               3.6.0                                              npm        
readable-stream                                                               3.6.2                                              npm        
readdir-scoped-modules                                                        1.1.0                                              npm        
readline-common                                                               8.1.2-1                                            deb        
retry                                                                         0.12.0                                             npm        
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                              npm        
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                              npm        
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                              npm        
sed                                                                           4.8-1ubuntu2                                       deb        
semver                                                                        7.3.7                                              npm        
send                                                                          0.18.0                                             npm        
sensible-utils                                                                0.0.17                                             deb        
serve-static                                                                  1.15.0                                             npm        
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                              npm        
setprototypeof                                                                1.2.0                                              npm        
side-channel                                                                  1.0.4                                              npm        
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.7                                              npm        
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.1                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.3.0                                             go-module  
smart-buffer                                                                  4.2.0                                              npm        
socket.io                                                                     4.6.1                                              npm        
socket.io-adapter                                                             2.5.2                                              npm        
socket.io-parser                                                              4.2.2                                              npm        
socks                                                                         2.7.0                                              npm        
socks-proxy-agent                                                             7.0.0                                              npm        
spdx-correct                                                                  3.1.1                                              npm        
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                              npm        
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                              npm        
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.11                                             npm        
split-ca                                                                      1.0.1                                              npm        
ssh2                                                                          1.11.0                                             npm        
ssri                                                                          9.0.1                                              npm        
statuses                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm        
string-width                                                                  4.2.3                                              npm        
string_decoder                                                                1.3.0                                              npm        
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.1                                              npm        
sudo                                                                          1.9.9-1ubuntu2.3                                   deb        
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                              npm        
systeminformation                                                             5.17.12                                            npm        
sysvinit-utils                                                                3.01-1ubuntu1                                      deb        
tar                                                                           1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.1                       deb        
tar                                                                           6.1.11                                             npm        
tar-fs                                                                        2.0.1                                              npm        
tar-stream                                                                    2.2.0                                              npm        
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                              npm        
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                              npm        
toidentifier                                                                  1.0.1                                              npm        
treeverse                                                                     2.0.0                                              npm        
tweetnacl                                                                     0.14.5                                             npm        
type-is                                                                       1.6.18                                             npm        
tzdata                                                                        2022g-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                             deb        
ubuntu-keyring                                                                2021.03.26                                         deb        
uidmap                                                                        1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.1                                 deb        
unique-filename                                                               2.0.1                                              npm        
unique-slug                                                                   3.0.0                                              npm        
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                              npm        
usrmerge                                                                      25ubuntu2                                          deb        
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                              npm        
util-linux                                                                    2.37.2-4ubuntu3                                    deb        
utils-merge                                                                   1.0.1                                              npm        
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                              npm        
validate-npm-package-name                                                     4.0.0                                              npm        
vary                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm        
walk-up-path                                                                  1.0.0                                              npm        
wcwidth                                                                       1.0.1                                              npm        
which                                                                         2.0.2                                              npm        
wide-align                                                                    1.1.5                                              npm        
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                              npm        
write-file-atomic                                                             4.0.2                                              npm        
ws                                                                            8.11.0                                             npm        
xfsprogs                                                                      5.13.0-1ubuntu2                                    deb        
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                              npm        
zlib1g                                                                        1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                           deb        
